With space and time becoming so unstable. The weather itself is greatly effected. Winters become harsher, radiation starts to fall, enemies covered in super heated metal in the scorching heat of summer remembered they are scalding hot, dust devils wreck havoc and heavy rains begin to start soaking everything in hard to traverse mud.


Nuclear winters, are harsh events that occur during the second year of winter along with bringing in the worst of snowstorms. It's difficult to see without proper gear, and everything dies and or mutates if caught inside of the storms. Standing under shelters or a tarp can help prevent radiation buildup. Air filter machines can prevent radiation from infecting your entire base.

Mobs such as pigs during this event should transform into werepigs and gain radiation immunity tags during these storms. Then transform back when the storm is finished.
Spiderdens should be immune to radiation to prevent mass spider extinction, and beefalo maybe some player made gadgets can be created to preserve and save the herds. Be a hero!

---

During the summer, dust devils will appear. These miniature tornadoes spawn in the desert and the new canyon biome. They do not have the strength to tear up an entire base. But they do hurt and knock players down if they run into you or living things and can uproot certain plants.
They're missing the ability to pull on entities that get too close and they spawn in a very inconvenient way using the same method as a tumbleweed spawner except only in summer. Dustdevils leave behind ash, but a much more important custom ingredient I'll want to consider to make storm chasing a thing in summer.

Super hot metal creatures. All metal creatures begin to glow scalding red during summer. They themselves don't take damage but they deal extra fire damage when they hit a player and if the player touches them in melee range. Using watering cans on these metal enemies, wearing an ice amulet, or using an ice staff can cool these guys off for you to get a safe hit in up close. Scalding enemies should not freeze, only cool off.
Mostly clockworks, and robomutts are the creatures who can become balls of hot metal running towards you until further notice.


---

During heavy rains, mud puddles should form to slow players down. These aren't very fleshed out, but several ideas comes to mind which may involve radiation sticking to them or dirt build up on the player's screen overlay which causes sanity drain if not wiped off or cleaned.

